---
layout:     post
title:      "Developer's Diary 1"
date:       2017-08-03 09:00:00 -0400
categories: culture devdiary
---


	There is more than one way to do any thing. This fact makes life easy, but it also makes communicating hard. Harder even if you're a computer and lack any kind of context that your human creator has yet to encode to possibilities. 

	The roclin group exists to design technology that doesn't punish people for doing things differently. 

	We are disruptors not looking to eliminate all intermediaries and jobs, but to work with technologic unemployment and a rapidly changing crypto-economy and provide a balance of power and communication. Thus creating stability through a conversation resulting in active participation, cooperation and growth.

	Our value promotes individual freedom, opportunity and a shared lineage for not only winners, but those who offer support along the way.

	Through improved communication tools, we will be partnering and designing our own blockchain systems; with the aim to provide a lasting promise of value, not short term gains based on speculation. 

### Core Values ###

	1. Culture centered around active community, family and growth
	2. Objective tolerance of new ideas & inclusivity of new perspectives.
	3. Transparency in our business practices.
	4. Conservatism in financing.
	5. Learning from and adapting to the world around us.




>Have a perspective to share on this conversation? Share it with us on [twitter](https://twitter.com/roclineage/), or catch us on the cloud forum (coming soon)
Be sure to share your post @roclineage #: { page.categories }